Before we jump into our implementation with Python and both are three Lets first where we find that
we have everything we need to work with Python and both are three on AWOS resources.
The first thing we have to verify is our AWOS credentials.
If they are set properly so to check that out I'm simply going to type the command for AWOS configure
and as you can see I can see the extension of my access key.
With the hidden fields on the prefix part.
So I can see that my access key is properly set and I'll hit enter and I can see the last part of my
secret key and I keep pressing enter and I can verify that my credentials and the region that I want
to work on is set properly.
So the other thing that I have to verify is the python installation for debt.
I simply have to type python and I can see that my Python is installed as the version 3.0 6.5 All right
let's go back to our command prompt using the exit command.
And from there let's just verify that we have the both of 3 installed properly and for that purpose
I'm going to use Python package manager or Pipp and I say PIREP show and Bolto free.
And as you can see the bowlful 3 is installed with the version 1 7 2 and it says the the AWOS SDK for
Python.
So we have our everything all the dependencies ready for our implementations on Python and AWOS using
both of three library.
We can now move on to our actual implementations.
So I'll be seeing you on the next with iOS.